
---

# (QS):
**Ticket 1: Gerund**  
Write sentences with the following verbs:  
1. appreciate  
2. avoid  
3. can't help  
4. can't stand  
5. complete  
6. consider  
7. delay  


# (AS):
1. I really appreciate you coming.  
2. Let’s avoid being late.  
3. I can’t help counting those calories.  
4. I really can’t stand waiting for the bus.  
5. He completed baking the apple pie.  
6. She never considered moving to England.  
7. We delayed moving to the new house until the spring.  

---

# (QS):
**Ticket 2: Gerund**  
Write sentences with the following verbs:  
1. deny  
2. despise  
3. discuss  
4. dislike  
5. don’t mind  
6. enjoy  
7. finish  


# (AS):
1. He will deny stealing that car.  
2. She despises asking for favors.  
3. We discussed buying a bigger apartment.  
4. She dislikes cooking and baking.  
5. I don’t mind waiting.  
6. She enjoys reading.  
7. He finished cleaning the kitchen.  

---

# (QS):
**Ticket 3: Gerund**  
Write sentences with the following verbs:  
1. forgive   
2. imagine  
3. involve  
4. keep  
5. mention   
6. mind   
7. miss   


# (AS):
1. Can you forgive me for not fixing the car?  
2. Can you imagine living on the moon?  
3. The new project involves writing and rewriting many reports.  
4. She keeps coming late!  
5. I never mentioned meeting him.  
6. Will he mind switching rooms?  
7. I miss chatting with you.  

---

# (QS):
**Ticket 4: Gerund**  
Write sentences with the following verbs:  
1. postpone  
2. practice   
3. recall   
4. recommend   
5. report  
6. resent   
7. resist   

# (AS):
1. Let’s postpone going out of town.  
2. He practices playing the guitar daily.  
3. Can you recall ordering this product?  
4. The doctor recommends resting in bed.  
5. They reported seeing him leave with a stranger.  
6. He resents doing it all by himself.  
7. I can’t resist liking him.  

---

# (QS):
**Ticket 5: Gerund**  
Write sentences with the following verbs:  
1. resume   
2. risk  
3. suggest  
4. tolerate  
5. understand  
6. anticipate  

# (AS):
1. They resumed talking after the teacher left.  
2. Would you risk losing everything?   
3. I suggest not taking him too seriously.  
4. We can’t tolerate being screamed at.  
5. He couldn’t understand her leaving so suddenly.  
6. I anticipate arriving on Tuesday.  

---
